# IPFS Weekly #2

[IPFS](//ipfs.io/) is a new hypermedia distribution protocol, addressed by content and identities, aiming to make the web faster, safer, and more open.  In these posts, we will try to highlight some of the development that happened in the past week.  For anyone looking to get involved, follow the embedded hyperlinks, search the wealth of information on [github](//github.com/ipfs) or join us on [IRC](//webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ipfs) (#ipfs on the Freenode network).

## Updates

* [**(specs)**](//github.com/ipfs/specs) There was much debate in the [IPLD spec](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/pull/37) about pathing notation. [@mildred](//github.com/mildred) in particular did a lot of good work.
* [**(go-ipfs)**](//github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs) The IPFS Docker image is now tested automatically on Travis, thanks to [@ChristianKniep](//github.com/ChristianKniep) and [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping). For more, see the [go-ipfs#2064](//github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/2064) pull request.
* [**(js-ipfs)**](//github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs) Now you can do `npm i -g js-ipfs` and use jsipfs bootstrap + id + version commands, fully compatible with the go-ipfs repo, thanks to [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid)!
* [**(community)**](//github.com/ipfs/community) [@RichardLitt](//github.com/RichardLitt) merged the PR for [JavaScript guidelines](//github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/js-contribution-guidelines.md) for IPFS repos.

## Work in Progress

* [**(distributions)**](//github.com/distributions) [@Dignifiedquire](//github.com/Dignifiedquire) further developed the distributions page.
* [**(go-ipfs)**](//github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs) [@lgierth](//github.com/lgierth) continued the work towards the dev040 migration.

## Contributors

Across the entire IPFS GitHub organization, the following people have committed code since January 4th. (We're autogenerating this list using [this tool](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/blob/master/tools/get_commits.py), so please let us know if your name isn't here.) In the future, we will also include people who comment, as they are also super important; bear with us while we develop that technology.

* [@chriscool](//github.com/chriscool) (Christian Couder)
* [@ChristianKniep](//github.com/ChristianKniep) (Christian Kniep)
* [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid) (David Dias)
* [@Dignifiedquire](//github.com/Dignifiedquire) (Friedel Ziegelmayer)
* [@eminence](//github.com/eminence) (Andrew Chin)
* [@greenkeeperio-bot](//github.com/greenkeeperio-bot)
* [@ianopolous](//github.com/ianopolous) (Ian Preston)
* [@jbenet](//github.com/jbenet) (Juan Benet)
* [@Kubuxu](//github.com/Kubuxu) (Jakub Sztandera)
* [@lgierth](//github.com/lgierth) (Lars Gierth)
* [@noffle](//github.com/noffle) (Stephen Whitmore)
* [@ralphtheninja](//github.com/ralphtheninja) (Lars-Magnus Skog)
* [@ReadmeCritic](//github.com/ReadmeCritic)
* [@RichardLitt](//github.com/RichardLitt) (Richard Littauer)
* [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) (Jeromy Johnson)
* [@yuvallanger](//github.com/yuvallanger) (Yuval Langer)

Thanks, and see you next week!

- Richard Littauer and Andrew Chin

[_Send us feedback about the Weekly_](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/7)
