# IPFS Weekly #3

[IPFS](//ipfs.io/) is a new hypermedia distribution protocol, addressed by content and identities, aiming to make the web faster, safer, and more open. In these posts, we highlight some of the development that has happened in the past week. For anyone looking to get involved, follow the embedded hyperlinks, search the wealth of information on [GitHub](//github.com/ipfs) or join us on [IRC](//webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ipfs) (#ipfs on the Freenode network).

If you would like to get this update as an email, sign up for our [weekly newsletter](//tinyletter.com/ipfsweekly)!

Here are some of the highlights for the [January 12th](//github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/79) Sprint:

## Updates

* [**arcticjs**](//arcticjs.club) @daviddias, @whyrusleeping, @RichardLitt, and @noffle were all able to meet up for the first time as a group and hack together at [ArcticJS](//arcticjs.club), the first JavaScript conference above the Arctic circle, in Svalbard. Around 15 attended, and there was a lot of hacking, snow, talking about buffers, and swimming in the ocean at midnight underneath the Aurora Borealis (no, really). Most of the work done at the conference was conversations, but included @daviddias and @RichardLitt working on the API together, @whyrusleeping learning how to javascript, and @daviddias and @xicombd working on IPFS together. All in all, it was an incredible trip.
* [**go-ipfs**](//github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs) 0.3.11 is shipped! Also, we merged 0.4.0 into master. [@jbenet](//github.com/jbenet), [@Dignifiedquire](//github.com/Dignifiedquire) and others [fixed appveyor](//github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/2137), which means that windows CI now works. And finally the latest webui by [@Dignifiedquire](//github.com/Dignifiedquire) was pushed in 0.3.11.
* [**ipfs-merkle-dag**](//github.com/vijayee/ipfs-merkle-dag) [@daviddias](//github.com/daviddias) worked on the js ipfs merkle-dag implementation, as well as putting in a lot of work in general on js-ipfs.
* [**py-ipfs**](//github.com/ipfs/py-ipfs) Thanks to [@candeira](//github.com/candeira) and [@ivilata](//github.com/ivilata), we now have a much more filled out plan for the Python implementation of IPFS. Join in if you are a pythonista.
* [**js-mafmt**](//github.com/whyrusleeping/js-mafmt) [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) is working on a multiaddr validator in js, after his go work in [mafmt](//github.com/whyrusleeping/mafmt)
* [**archives**](//github.com/ipfs/archive) cdn.media.ccc.de is now being mirrored in the IPFS archives.
* [**ifps-firefox-addon**](//github.com/lidel/ipfs-firefox-addon/releases/tag/v1.4.2) The Firefox addon that provides transparent access to IPFS resources via local HTTP2IPFS gateway has been updated to release 1.4.2. This is the first time we've mentioned this in this newsletter; go check it out. It also now supports the fs: protocol scheme.

## Work in Progress
* [**js-ipfs**](//github.com/ipfs/pm) [@daviddias](//github.com/daviddias) has merged in the roadmaps for js-ipfs and libp2p, which he'll update as more details become apparent. Take a look.
* [**weekly**](//github.com/ipfs/weekly) [@RichardLitt](//github.com/RichardLitt) put a lot of work in getting various sorts of attribution for contributors to IPFS, currently available as [name-your-contributors](//github.com/RichardLitt/name-your-contributors). This is almost done, but there are a few tweaks left to do.

## Contributors

Across the entire IPFS GitHub organization, the following people have committed code, created issues, or made a comment on GitHub between January 11th and January 25. (We're autogenerating this list using [this tool](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/blob/master/tools/get_commits.py), so please let us know if your name isn't here.)

- [@adrian-bl](//github.com/adrian-bl) (Adrian Ulrich)
- [@alexeicolin](//github.com/alexeicolin)
- [@ali](//github.com/ali) (Ali Ukani)
- [@amstocker](//github.com/amstocker) (Andrew Stocker)
- [@anarcat](//github.com/anarcat) (anarcat)
- [@ansuz](//github.com/ansuz) (ansuz)
- [@Ape](//github.com/Ape) (Lauri Niskanen)
- [@area](//github.com/area)
- [@AtnNn](//github.com/AtnNn) (Etienne Laurin)
- [@Azulan](//github.com/Azulan) (Frank Flores)
- [@Balancer](//github.com/Balancer) (Balancer)
- [@bcg-didi](//github.com/bcg-didi)
- [@benjaminbollen](//github.com/benjaminbollen) (Benjamin Bollen)
- [@brailateo](//github.com/brailateo) (Constantin Teodorescu)
- [@btrask](//github.com/btrask) (Ben Trask)
- [@CaioAlonso](//github.com/CaioAlonso) (Caio Alonso)
- [@chpio](//github.com/chpio)
- [@chriscool](//github.com/chriscool) (Christian Couder)
- [@ConsciousCode](//github.com/ConsciousCode) (Conscious Code)
- [@CrowdHailer](//github.com/CrowdHailer) (Peter Saxton)
- [@dandart](//github.com/dandart) (Dan Dart)
- [@david415](//github.com/david415) (David Stainton)
- [@davidar](//github.com/davidar) (David A Roberts)
- [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid) (David Dias)
- [@digital-dreamer](//github.com/digital-dreamer)
- [@dignifiedquire](//github.com/dignifiedquire) (Friedel Ziegelmayer)
- [@djdv](//github.com/djdv) (Dominic Della Valle)
- [@dylanPowers](//github.com/dylanPowers) (Dylan Powers)
- [@eminence](//github.com/eminence) (Andrew Chin)
- [@Faleidel](//github.com/Faleidel)
- [@fazo96](//github.com/fazo96) (Enrico Fasoli)
- [@findkiko](//github.com/findkiko)
- [@Foxcool](//github.com/Foxcool) (Alexander Babenko)
- [@GitCop](//github.com/GitCop)
- [@goog](//github.com/goog) (Jay Cheng)
- [@greenkeeperio-bot](//github.com/greenkeeperio-bot) (Greenkeeper)
- [@harlantwood](//github.com/harlantwood) (Harlan T Wood)
- [@ikreymer](//github.com/ikreymer) (Ilya Kreymer)
- [@jbenet](//github.com/jbenet) (Juan Benet)
- [@jbshirk](//github.com/jbshirk) (Joe)
- [@jedahan](//github.com/jedahan) (Jonathan Dahan)
- [@Kubuxu](//github.com/Kubuxu) (Jakub Sztandera)
- [@kyledrake](//github.com/kyledrake) (Kyle Drake)
- [@lgierth](//github.com/lgierth) (Lars Gierth)
- [@lidel](//github.com/lidel) (Marcin Rataj)
- [@lovelaced](//github.com/lovelaced)
- [@luigiplr](//github.com/luigiplr) (Luigi Poole)
- [@Luzifer](//github.com/Luzifer) (Knut Ahlers)
- [@matshenricson](//github.com/matshenricson) (Mats Henricson)
- [@MChabez](//github.com/MChabez)
- [@Mec-iS](//github.com/Mec-iS) (Lorenzo)
- [@MichaelMure](//github.com/MichaelMure) (Michael Muré)
- [@mildred](//github.com/mildred) (Mildred Ki'Lya)
- [@Mithgol](//github.com/Mithgol)
- [@NDuma](//github.com/NDuma) (NDuma)
- [@NeoTeo](//github.com/NeoTeo) (Teo Sartori)
- [@nginnever](//github.com/nginnever) (Nathan Ginnever)
- [@nicola](//github.com/nicola) (Nicola Greco)
- [@NightRa](//github.com/NightRa) (Ilan Godik)
- [@noffle](//github.com/noffle) (Stephen Whitmore)
- [@Patagonicus](//github.com/Patagonicus) (Philipp Adolf)
- [@peerchemist](//github.com/peerchemist)
- [@peteygao](//github.com/peteygao) (Peter Gao)
- [@PlanetPlan](//github.com/PlanetPlan)
- [@pra85](//github.com/pra85) (Prayag Verma)
- [@prusnak](//github.com/prusnak) (Pavol Rusnak)
- [@ralphtheninja](//github.com/ralphtheninja) (Lars-Magnus Skog)
- [@ReadmeCritic](//github.com/ReadmeCritic)
- [@Red5d](//github.com/Red5d)
- [@reit-c](//github.com/reit-c)
- [@rht](//github.com/rht)
- [@RichardLitt](//github.com/RichardLitt) (Richard Littauer)
- [@richardschneider](//github.com/richardschneider) (Richard Schneider)
- [@rugk](//github.com/rugk) (rugk)
- [@SCBuergel](//github.com/SCBuergel) (Sebastian C. Bürgel)
- [@seclorum](//github.com/seclorum) (seclorum)
- [@thelinuxkid](//github.com/thelinuxkid) (Andres Buritica)
- Thomas Gardner
- [@travisperson](//github.com/travisperson) (Travis Person)
- [@tv42](//github.com/tv42) (Tommi Virtanen)
- [@tv42](//github.com/tv42) (Tv)
- [@void4](//github.com/void4)
- [@WeMeetAgain](//github.com/WeMeetAgain) (Cayman)
- [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) (Jeromy Johnson)
- [@windemut](//github.com/windemut)
- [@wking](//github.com/wking) (W. Trevor King)
- [@xicombd](//github.com/xicombd) (Francisco Baio Dias)
- [@zignig](//github.com/zignig) (Simon Kirkby)

Thanks, and see you next week!  If you have cool things to share for the next weekly, drop us a line in the [next weekly sprint issue](//github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/83)!

- Richard Littauer and Andrew Chin

_Submit feedback about this issue [here](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/10), or send us [feedback about the IPFS Weekly in general](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/7)._
