# IPFS Weekly #4

[IPFS](//ipfs.io/) is a new hypermedia distribution protocol, addressed by content and identities, aiming to make the web faster, safer, and more open. In these posts, we highlight some of the development that has happened in the past week. For anyone looking to get involved, follow the embedded hyperlinks, search the wealth of information on [GitHub](//github.com/ipfs) or join us on [IRC](//webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ipfs) (#ipfs on the Freenode network).

If you would like to get this update as an email, sign up for our [weekly newsletter](//tinyletter.com/ipfsweekly)!

Here are some of the highlights for the [January 25th](//github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/84) sprint:

## Updates

* [**js-ipfs**](//github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs): [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid) created js-ipfs-merkle-dag and js-ipfs-blocks, which will help IPFS deal with MerkleDAGs and are extensible enough to allow others to build their own MerkleDAG structures. Also, js-ipfs is now able to import a file into the MerkleDAG, an important milestone. An architecture graph has been spec'ed out [here](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs#ipfs-core-implementation-architecture) to help newcomers understand how js-ipfs works. Finally, lots of new issues and low-hanging fruit have been tagged for [contributors to tackle](//github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues).
* [**idb-plus-blob-store**](https://github.com/dignifiedquire/idb-plus-blob-store): Node streams are not able to provide consistent guarantees for writes on the "end" event, so [@dignifiedquire](//github.com/dignifiedquire) found a way to make them do that so that we can use them in js-ipfs. This fixes some inconsistencies that substack/idb-blob-store has.
* [**go-ipfs**](//github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs): Thanks to [@Kubuxu](//github.com/Kubuxu), dnslink is now working. This allows users to alias their main domain to the ipfs.io gateway (using a CNAME), and still be able to set dnslinks separately. Also, [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) has [an open PR](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/2256) to pull libp2p out of go-ipfs and put it into a module on [gx](https://github.com/whyrusleeping/gx), the IPFS native package manager. This is part of a larger effort to whittle go-ipfs down into smaller, extensible modules.
* [**community**](//github.com/ipfs/community): [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid) has written a [guide to writing captain.logs](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/captain.log.md), which are short gists written by maintainers about IPFS projects, their status, and how to help. We plan to have more of these in different projects.

## Community

* [**Lisbon**](//github.com/ipfs/community/issues/103): [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid) hosted a Lisbon IPFS Sunday Hack Day this week. 
* [**Coffee Talks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL9siwm03H4): [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) has hosted another "Coffee Talk", this time on [gx](https://github.com/whyrusleeping/gx), the IPFS package manager.
* [**NYC Meet-up**](//github.com/ipfs/community/issues/102) A NYC meet-up is planned for the end of February. Help us plan it and show your interest [here](https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/102).

## Contributors

Across the entire IPFS GitHub organization, the following people have committed code, created issues, or made a comment on GitHub between January 25th (noon, GMT) and February 1st. We're autogenerating this list using [this tool](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/blob/master/tools/get_commits.py), so please let us know if your name isn't here.

- [@alexAubin](//github.com/alexAubin) (Alexandre Aubin)
- [@andreiamatuni](//github.com/andreiamatuni) (Andrei Amatuni)
- [@area](//github.com/area)
- [@AtnNn](//github.com/AtnNn) (Etienne Laurin)
- [@bdunlay](//github.com/bdunlay) (Brian Dunlay)
- [@BigBlueHat](//github.com/BigBlueHat) (BigBlueHat)
- [@chriscool](//github.com/chriscool) (Christian Couder)
- [@ConsciousCode](//github.com/ConsciousCode) (Conscious Code)
- [@cryptix](//github.com/cryptix) (Henry)
- [@davidar](//github.com/davidar) (David A Roberts)
- [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid) (David Dias)
- [@dignifiedquire](//github.com/dignifiedquire) (Friedel Ziegelmayer)
- [@dysbulic](//github.com/dysbulic) (Will Holcomb)
- [@eminence](//github.com/eminence) (Andrew Chin)
- [@fazo96](//github.com/fazo96) (Enrico Fasoli)
- [@GitCop](//github.com/GitCop)
- [@greenkeeperio-bot](//github.com/greenkeeperio-bot) (Greenkeeper)
- [@Hexagon6](//github.com/Hexagon6)
- [@IanCal](//github.com/IanCal) (Ian Calvert)
- [@ion1](//github.com/ion1) (Johan Kiviniemi)
- [@JAremko](//github.com/JAremko)
- [@jbenet](//github.com/jbenet) (Juan Benet)
- [@jedahan](//github.com/jedahan) (Jonathan Dahan)
- [@kazarena](//github.com/kazarena)
- [@kpcyrd](//github.com/kpcyrd)
- [@Kubuxu](//github.com/Kubuxu) (Jakub Sztandera)
- [@lgierth](//github.com/lgierth) (Lars Gierth)
- [@lidel](//github.com/lidel) (Marcin Rataj)
- [@lockedshadow](//github.com/lockedshadow)
- [@Luzifer](//github.com/Luzifer) (Knut Ahlers)
- [@MartinThoma](//github.com/MartinThoma) (Martin Thoma)
- [@MichaelMure](//github.com/MichaelMure) (Michael Muré)
- [@mildred](//github.com/mildred) (Mildred Ki'Lya)
- [@mindhog](//github.com/mindhog)
- [@Mithgol](//github.com/Mithgol)
- [@MrChrisJ](//github.com/MrChrisJ) (Chris Ellis)
- [@NDuma](//github.com/NDuma) (NDuma)
- [@NeoTeo](//github.com/NeoTeo) (Teo Sartori)
- [@nikhilshekhawat](//github.com/nikhilshekhawat)
- [@noffle](//github.com/noffle) (Stephen Whitmore)
- [@palesz](//github.com/palesz) (Palesz)
- [@Patagonicus](//github.com/Patagonicus) (Philipp Adolf)
- [@randomshinichi](//github.com/randomshinichi)
- [@rht](//github.com/rht)
- [@RichardLitt](//github.com/RichardLitt) (Richard Littauer)
- [@Shaaah](//github.com/Shaaah) (Shaaah)
- [@sivachandran](//github.com/sivachandran) (Sivachandran)
- [@slothbag](//github.com/slothbag)
- [@thelinuxkid](//github.com/thelinuxkid) (Andres Buritica)
- [@tilgovi](//github.com/tilgovi) (Randall Leeds)
- [@tomgg](//github.com/tomgg) (tmg)
- [@VertigoRay](//github.com/VertigoRay) (Raymond Piller)
- [@w33tmaricich](//github.com/w33tmaricich) (Alexander Maricich)
- [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) (Jeromy Johnson)
- [@whyun7892](//github.com/whyun7892)
- [@willglynn](//github.com/willglynn) (Will Glynn)

Thanks, and see you next week!  If you have cool things to share for the next weekly, drop us a line in the [next weekly sprint issue](//github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/88)!

- Richard Littauer and Andrew Chin

_Submit feedback about this issue [here](https://github.com/ipfs/weekly/pull/16), or send us [feedback about the IPFS Weekly in general](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/7)._
