# IPFS Weekly #5

[IPFS](//ipfs.io/) is a new hypermedia distribution protocol, addressed by content and identities, aiming to make the web faster, safer, and more open. In these posts, we highlight some of the development that has happened in the past week. For anyone looking to get involved, follow the embedded hyperlinks, search the wealth of information on [GitHub](//github.com/ipfs) or join us on [IRC](//webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ipfs) (#ipfs on the Freenode network).

If you would like to get this update as an email, sign up for our [weekly newsletter](//tinyletter.com/ipfsweekly)!

Here are some of the highlights for the February sprints:

## Updates

* [**go-ipfs**](//github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs) 
  - [@noffle](//github.com/noffle) made [a fix](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/2296) for when your FUSE connection is terminated.  
  - [@noffle](//github.com/noffle), [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) and [@chriscool](//github.com/chriscool) have been doing lots to make our tests greener. This'll let us get PRs in faster because we won't need to wonder whether our CI is lying to us or not. This gives us more confidence about the code we ship, and allows us to ship more often.
  - [@noffle](//github.com/noffle) also made progress toward getting `go-ipfs` compatible with vanilla `go get` installation. Hope to have more tangible results to show by end of the month.
  - [@RichardLitt](//github.com/RichardLitt) made a lot of documentation fixes to the CLI while working on the IPFS HTTP API.
  - [@lgierth](//github.com/lgierth) improved the automated [docker image](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/2308) for go-ipfs, which is now named `ipfs/go-ipfs`. Give it a try: `docker run -i --net=host ipfs/go-ipfs`. The new image is built automatically for every commit, and has automatic tags for the coming releases. It's also a few MB smaller, and doesn't require mounting a volume for the IPFS repository anymore. Instead, if there's no volume mounted, it'll generate an ephemeral identity and configuration which will be lost when the container exits. This is ideal for testing or just trying something out real quick. Images for go-ipfs 0.3.x are not provided, because the Dockerfile shipped with these version isn't suitable for Docker Hub automatic builds.
  - [@chriscool](//github.com/chriscool) rewrote [the build documentation for Windows](//github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/master/docs/windows.md), which enabled [@slothbag](//github.com/slothbag) to get Windows builds working again with minimal fuss.
  - [@lgierth](//github.com/lgierth) posted a writeup on the [migration from 0.3.x to 0.4.0](https://ipfs.io/blog/9-v04x-migration/).
* [**specs**](//github.com/ipfs/specs/pull/37) The IPLD spec was merged, after four months. This reflected a ton of work from [@mildred](//github.com/mildred), [@findkiko](//github.com/findkiko), and [@jbenet](//github.com/jbenet). The [IPLD spec](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/blob/master/merkledag/ipld.md), the "thin-waist" merkle dag format, defines merkle-links, -dags, and -paths, as well as the IPLD Data model and formats. In short: JSON documents with named merkle-links that can be traversed.
* [**distributions**](//github.com/ipfs/distributions)
  - [dist.ipfs.io](http://dist.ipfs.io/) _almost_ has [signed releases](https://github.com/ipfs/distributions/pull/51) thanks to [@dignifiedquire](//github.com/dignifiedquire). This will be coming soon.
	- [@noffle](//github.com/noffle) [worked](https://github.com/ipfs/distributions/pull/42) to get [ipget](http://ipget.me/) ready to be on [dist.ipfs.io](http://dist.ipfs.io/)
* [**gx**](//github.com/whyrusleeping) 
	- [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) shipped the GX PR, which pulls relevant code out of go-ipfs and into the new GX package manager. He also wrote a tool to publish IPNS records without the IPFS daemon.
	- [@RichardLitt](//github.com/RichardLitt) spruced up the [gx README](https://github.com/whyrusleeping/gx) - it is almost ready to ship. 
* [**js-ipfs**](//github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs) 
	- Thanks to @diasdavid, `object features` now works, with tests and all. 
	- As well, thanks to [@dignifiedquire](//github.com/dignifiedquire)'s efforts, the js-ipfs API now returns promises if there isn't a specified callback, allowing both major methods used by the Javascript community to work equally well.
* [**registry-mirror**](//github.com/diasdavid/registry-mirror) 
	- [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid) merged registry-static into registry-mirror and removed all of the unnecessary stuff [(this was huge)](https://github.com/diasdavid/registry-mirror/pull/33).
* [**station**](//github.com/ipfs/station)
  - [@dignifiedquire](//github.com/dignifiedquire) fixed drag and drop
    file uploading, and some dependency issues. So go ahead and try it
    out.
* [**ipfs-geoip**](//github.com/ipfs/ipfs-geoip)
  - [@dignifiedquire](//github.com/dignifiedquire) rewrote the generation
    script and cleaned up the code so that now the data is consistently
    reproducable and fully stored on IPFS. This ensures that geoip lookups
    over IFPS will work in all future releases.
* [**fs-repo-migrations**](//github.com/ipfs/fs-repo-migrations)
  - [@chriscool](//github.com/chriscool) Improved fs-repo-migrations tests by checking that the objects are the same and checking that garbage collection does not change anything. He also cleaned up sharness tests.
* [**http-api-spec**](//github.com/ipfs/http-api-spec)
  - @RichardLitt finished logging all existing `ipfs` commands for the HTTP API Spec. This means that if you have any questions about how the HTTP API should work, you can see them either in master or as open PRs to that issue. One step closer to a fully functional API...
* [**community**](//github.com/ipfs/community)
  - @RichardLitt proposed using the new [GitHub Templates]() for IPFS. What do you think about this idea? Chime in [here](https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/108).
  - We now have [a list of community events](https://github.com/ipfs/community#events-calendar) for IPFS on the ipfs/community README. Do you have any that you'd like to add? Check out past events, too.
* [**hyperlog**](//github.com/noffle/ipfs-hyperlog) - @noffle launched am IPFS-compatible Merkle DAG that replicates based on scuttlebutt logs and causal linking. `ipfs-hyperlog` is a drop-in replacement for [@mafintosh](https://github.com/mafintosh)'s [`hyperlog`](https://github.com/mafintosh/hyperlog). Its key difference is that
it creates a Merkle DAG that is *binary compatible* with IPFS objects. This means any node of any DAG built using ipfs-hyperlog can be replicated to and from the IPFS network as well!

## Work in Progress

* **Logo**: [@Kubuxu](//github.com/Kubuxu) worked on a new [IPFS logo](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmTgtbb4LckHaXh1YhpNcBu48cFY8zgT1Lh49q7q7ksf3M/). Check it out.

## Community

* **Conferences**: If you have any suggestions, there is a [new issue](https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/105) where you can submit your proposals. The IPFS community will see if we can get to that conference and have a presence there.

* [**Marmot Image Checker**](https://github.com/eris-ltd/marmot): This takes an image, asks the Google Cloud Vision API for three descriptions of the image, and compares those descriptions to a chosen list of words. If there is match, the image is added to the [toadserver](https://github.com/eris-ltd/toadserver), a smart contract and IPFS-Backed download server. [From Twitter](https://twitter.com/asciinema/status/701730719589126146)
* [**asciienema**](https://github.com/asciinema/asciinema/releases/tag/v1.2.0) now allows playback on IPFS. [From Twitter](https://twitter.com/asciinema/status/701730719589126146)
* [Introduction to IPFS](https://medium.com/@ConsenSys/an-introduction-to-ipfs-9bba4860abd0#.48ki3fymw): [@ChrisLundkvist](https://twitter.com/ChrisLundkvist) and [@ConsenSysAndrew](https://twitter.com/ConsenSysAndrew) wrote a fantastic write up about IPFS, from a less technical perspective.

## Contributors

Across the entire IPFS GitHub organization, the following people have committed code, created issues, or made a comment on GitHub between February 1st (noon, GMT) and February 29th. We're autogenerating this list using [this tool](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/blob/master/tools/get_commits.py) and [this other tool](//github.com/richardlitt/name-your-contributors), so please let us know if your name isn't here.

- [@abacon](//github.com/abacon) (Bacon)
- [@almereyda](//github.com/almereyda) (jon r)
- [@amstocker](//github.com/amstocker) (Andrew Stocker)
- [@anacrolix](//github.com/anacrolix) (Matt Joiner)
- [@anarcat](//github.com/anarcat) (anarcat)
- [@Ape](//github.com/Ape) (Lauri Niskanen)
- [@area](//github.com/area)
- [@ARezaK](//github.com/ARezaK)
- [@Asgraf](//github.com/Asgraf) (Michal Turek)
- [@Balancer](//github.com/Balancer) (Balancer)
- [@balupton](//github.com/balupton) (Benjamin Lupton)
- [@bierlingm](//github.com/bierlingm)
- [@BigBlueHat](//github.com/BigBlueHat) (BigBlueHat)
- [@boergsen](//github.com/boergsen)
- [@boxxa](//github.com/boxxa) (Boxxa)
- [@briantigerchow](//github.com/briantigerchow) (Brian Tiger Chow)
- [@brimstone](//github.com/brimstone) (Matt)
- [@bussiere](//github.com/bussiere) (bussiere)
- [@bzz](//github.com/bzz) (Alexander)
- [@chpio](//github.com/chpio)
- [@chris-martin](//github.com/chris-martin) (Christopher Martin)
- [@chriscool](//github.com/chriscool) (Christian Couder)
- [@christianlundkvist](//github.com/christianlundkvist) (Christian Lundkvist)
- [@ChristopherA](//github.com/ChristopherA) (Christopher Allen)
- [@cjcase](//github.com/cjcase) (Cj Case)
- [@cleichner](//github.com/cleichner) (Chas)
- [@codeburd](//github.com/codeburd)
- [@Crest](//github.com/Crest) (Crest)
- [@cryptix](//github.com/cryptix) (Henry)
- [@daveajones](//github.com/daveajones) (Dave Jones)
- [@David-Leudolph](//github.com/David-Leudolph) (David Leudolph)
- [@david415](//github.com/david415) (David Stainton)
- [@davidar](//github.com/davidar) (David A Roberts)
- [@denisnazarov](//github.com/denisnazarov) (Denis Nazarov)
- [@dginev](//github.com/dginev) (Deyan Ginev)
- [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid) (David Dias)
- [@dignifiedquire](//github.com/dignifiedquire) (Friedel Ziegelmayer)
- [@djdv](//github.com/djdv) (Dominic Della Valle)
- [@dominictarr](//github.com/dominictarr) (Dominic Tarr)
- [@Dumptel](//github.com/Dumptel)
- [@dylanPowers](//github.com/dylanPowers) (Dylan Powers)
- [@edent](//github.com/edent) (Terence Eden)
- [@ehd](//github.com/ehd) (Stephan Seidt)
- [@EliasGabrielsson](//github.com/EliasGabrielsson) (Elias Gabrielsson)
- [@emardee](//github.com/emardee)
- [@eminence](//github.com/eminence) (Andrew Chin)
- [@faebser](//github.com/faebser) (Fabian Frei)
- [@fazo96](//github.com/fazo96) (Enrico Fasoli)
- [@Fil](//github.com/Fil) (Fil)
- [@frabrunelle](//github.com/frabrunelle) (Francis Brunelle)
- [@GitCop](//github.com/GitCop)
- [@GravisZro](//github.com/GravisZro) (Gravis)
- [@greenkeeperio-bot](//github.com/greenkeeperio-bot) (Greenkeeper)
- [@halseth](//github.com/halseth)
- [@harlantwood](//github.com/harlantwood) (Harlan T Wood)
- [@hitchcott](//github.com/hitchcott) (Chris Hitchcott)
- [@hosh](//github.com/hosh) (Ho-Sheng Hsiao)
- [@hutenosa](//github.com/hutenosa)
- [@IanCal](//github.com/IanCal) (Ian Calvert)
- [@ianopolous](//github.com/ianopolous) (Ian Preston)
- [@ingokeck](//github.com/ingokeck) (Ingo Keck)
- [@insanity54](//github.com/insanity54) (Chris Grimmett)
- [@ion1](//github.com/ion1) (Johan Kiviniemi)
- [@j-h-scheufen](//github.com/j-h-scheufen)
- [@j4nu5](//github.com/j4nu5) (Kushagra Sinha)
- [@jamescarlyle](//github.com/jamescarlyle) (James Carlyle)
- [@jbenet](//github.com/jbenet) (Juan Benet)
- [@jbshirk](//github.com/jbshirk) (Joe)
- [@jedahan](//github.com/jedahan) (Jonathan Dahan)
- [@jeffscottward](//github.com/jeffscottward) (Jeff Ward)
- [@jefft0](//github.com/jefft0) (Jeff Thompson)
- [@johncant](//github.com/johncant) (John Cant)
- [@kalmi](//github.com/kalmi) (Tarnay Kálmán)
- [@Kolomona](//github.com/Kolomona) (Kolomona Myer)
- [@krl](//github.com/krl) (kristoffer)
- [@Kubuxu](//github.com/Kubuxu) (Jakub Sztandera)
- [@kyledrake](//github.com/kyledrake) (Kyle Drake)
- [@kyrias](//github.com/kyrias) (Johannes Löthberg)
- [@lamarpavel](//github.com/lamarpavel)
- [@lernisto](//github.com/lernisto) (Terrel Shumway)
- [@lgierth](//github.com/lgierth) (Lars Gierth)
- [@lidel](//github.com/lidel) (Marcin Rataj)
- [@lockedshadow](//github.com/lockedshadow)
- [@lovelaced](//github.com/lovelaced)
- [@mappum](//github.com/mappum) (ᴍᴀᴛᴛ ʙᴇʟʟ)
- [@matshenricson](//github.com/matshenricson) (Mats Henricson)
- [@MichaelMure](//github.com/MichaelMure) (Michael Muré)
- [@micxjo](//github.com/micxjo) (Micxjo Funkcio)
- [@mildred](//github.com/mildred) (Mildred Ki'Lya)
- [@mindhog](//github.com/mindhog)
- [@Mithgol](//github.com/Mithgol)
- [@mnp](//github.com/mnp) (Mitchell Perilstein)
- [@montagsoup](//github.com/montagsoup)
- [@MrChrisJ](//github.com/MrChrisJ) (Chris Ellis)
- [@mseri](//github.com/mseri)
- [@NDuma](//github.com/NDuma) (NDuma)
- [@nginnever](//github.com/nginnever) (Nathan Ginnever)
- [@NightRa](//github.com/NightRa) (Ilan Godik)
- [@NodeGuy](//github.com/NodeGuy) (David Braun)
- [@noffle](//github.com/noffle) (Stephen Whitmore)
- [@odipar](//github.com/odipar) (rapido)
- [@olizilla](//github.com/olizilla) (Oli Evans)
- [@palesz](//github.com/palesz) (Palesz)
- [@palkeo](//github.com/palkeo) (palkeo)
- [@parkan](//github.com/parkan) (Arkadiy Kukarkin)
- [@peerchemist](//github.com/peerchemist)
- [@pietsch](//github.com/pietsch) (Christian Pietsch)
- [@prusnak](//github.com/prusnak) (Pavol Rusnak)
- [@randomshinichi](//github.com/randomshinichi)
- [@reit-c](//github.com/reit-c)
- [@rethore](//github.com/rethore) (Pierre-Elouan Réthoré)
- [@rht](//github.com/rht)
- [@RichardLitt](//github.com/RichardLitt) (Richard Littauer)
- [@richardschneider](//github.com/richardschneider) (Richard Schneider)
- [@rsynnest](//github.com/rsynnest)
- [@rubiojr](//github.com/rubiojr) (Sergio Rubio)
- [@rwcarlsen](https://github.com/rwcarlsen) (Robert Carlsen)
- [@se3000](//github.com/se3000) (Steve Ellis)
- [@Shaaah](//github.com/Shaaah) (Shaaah)
- [@shtukas](//github.com/shtukas) (Pascal Honoré)
- [@sivachandran](//github.com/sivachandran) (Sivachandran)
- [@sleep-walker](//github.com/sleep-walker) (Tomáš Čech)
- [@slothbag](//github.com/slothbag)
- [@Stebalien](//github.com/Stebalien) (Steven Allen)
- [@suisha](//github.com/suisha) (David Mai)
- [@tcyrus](//github.com/tcyrus) (Timothy Cyrus)
- [@thelinuxkid](//github.com/thelinuxkid) (Andres Buritica)
- [@tidux](//github.com/tidux) (Todixu)
- [@tinybike](//github.com/tinybike) (Jack Peterson)
- [@tomgg](//github.com/tomgg) (tmg)
- [@tv42](//github.com/tv42) (Tv)
- [@void4](//github.com/void4)
- [@wanderer](//github.com/wanderer)
- [@wasserfuhr](//github.com/wasserfuhr) (RainerWasserfuhr)
- [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) (Jeromy Johnson)
- [@xicombd](//github.com/xicombd) (Francisco Baio Dias)
- [@yangwao](//github.com/yangwao) (Matej Nemček)
- [@zignig](//github.com/zignig) (Simon Kirkby)
- [@Zogg](//github.com/Zogg)

This newsletter is also a community effort. If you have cool things to share for the next weekly, drop a comment about it in [the weekly repo](//github.com/ipfs/weekly! The more people mention items they want to see in the weekly there, the easier it is to make this and send it out.

- Richard Littauer and Andrew Chin

_Submit feedback about this issue [here](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/10), or send us [feedback about the IPFS Weekly in general](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/8)._
