# IPFS Weekly #6

[IPFS](//ipfs.io/) is a new hypermedia distribution protocol, addressed by content and identities, aiming to make the web faster, safer, and more open. In these posts, we highlight some of the development that has happened in the past week. For anyone looking to get involved, follow the embedded hyperlinks, search the wealth of information on [GitHub](//github.com/ipfs) or join us on [IRC](//webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ipfs) (#ipfs on the Freenode network).

If you would like to get this update as an email, sign up for our [weekly newsletter](//tinyletter.com/ipfsweekly)!

Here are some of the highlights for the [first week of March](//github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/93):

## Updates

#### [**website**](//github.com/ipfs/website)

The list of [API Commands](https://ipfs.io/docs/commands/) on the website has been updated. This provides a single place to look through all of the CLI commands for go-ipfs, at once; it is a good reference point if you're not sure exactly which command to use next, and `ipfs commands` seems sparse.

#### [**AUR**]

@Kubuxu has made sure that `gx`, `gx-go`, and `ipget` are available on [AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org), the arch-linux user repository. This means that it will be easier to get and install these on linux platforms.

#### [**karma-peer**](TODO)

@dignifiedquire's work on [karma-peer](TODO) means that it now has the ability to dynamically launch browsers, which will help @diasdavid, and hopefully more people, to write better tests for [libp2p](TODO) in the browser. See an example of some tests, here: [LINK](TODO).

#### [**randor**](TODO)

@dignifiedquire has been working on [randor](TODO), a testing framework that will be able to send huge files and lots of requests into IPFS in order to test how it works for edge cases and how it scales. Randor is now able to rerun tests predictably based on stored data, so it's easy to find and fix bugs. @whyrusleeping is already working on the first bug that randor detected. To contribute, check out the repository.

## Community

#### [**name-your-contributors**](//github.com/RichardLitt/name-your-contributors)

@RichardLitt gave a talk at [BostonJS](TODO) on Thursday to around fifty people, about how the `name-your-contributors` module is used in this newsletter. The theme of the meetup was community building; if you have any ideas for improving either the Contributor list below, check out [this repository](github.com/RichardLitt/name-your-contributors) and let us know. Since the talk, @RichardLitt also added [get-pr-creators](https://github.com/RichardLitt/get-pr-creators) to the module, so that everyone who opens a PR (even if it isn't merged) get's added to the contributors list. Has your name been included?

#### [**dignifed hacks**](TODO)

@dignifiedquire launched a live-stream of him coding, which he is calling "dignified hacks". The first was last Monday (check out the archive for it, here: [LINK](TODO)): he recorded himself doing some WebUI refactoring. There were some technical issues, but he'll do another one this week. One of the viewes, @nginnver, said it "was helpful for a quick view of our components and data flow in the webui." Follow along with a list of showtimes [here](TODO).

## Contributors

Across the entire IPFS GitHub organization, the following people have committed code, created issues, or made a comment on GitHub between February 29th (noon, GMT) and March 7th. We're autogenerating this list using [this tool](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/blob/master/tools/get_commits.py) and [this other tool](//github.com/richardlitt/name-your-contributors), so please let us know if your name isn't here.

- [@adrian-bl](//github.com/adrian-bl) (Adrian Ulrich)
- [@amstocker](//github.com/amstocker) (Andrew Stocker)
- [@anarcat](//github.com/anarcat) (anarcat)
- [@Beligertint](//github.com/Beligertint)
- [@bergie](//github.com/bergie) (Henri Bergius)
- [@cevin](//github.com/cevin) (cevin)
- [@chriscool](//github.com/chriscool) (Christian Couder)
- [@cinderblock](//github.com/cinderblock) (Cameron Tacklind)
- [@clkao](//github.com/clkao) (Chia-liang Kao)
- [@daveajones](//github.com/daveajones) (Dave Jones)
- [@davidar](//github.com/davidar) (David A Roberts)
- [@diasdavid](//github.com/diasdavid) (David Dias)
- [@dignifiedquire](//github.com/dignifiedquire) (Friedel Ziegelmayer)
- [@greenkeeperio-bot](//github.com/greenkeeperio-bot) (Greenkeeper)
- [@hjoest](//github.com/hjoest) (Holger Joest)
- [@jbenet](//github.com/jbenet) (Juan Benet)
- [@jedahan](//github.com/jedahan) (Jonathan Dahan)
- [@knocte](//github.com/knocte) (Andres G. Aragoneses)
- [@Kolomona](//github.com/Kolomona) (Kolomona Myer)
- [@Kubuxu](//github.com/Kubuxu) (Jakub Sztandera)
- [@lgierth](//github.com/lgierth) (Lars Gierth)
- [@mappum](//github.com/mappum) (ᴍᴀᴛᴛ ʙᴇʟʟ)
- [@mattseh](//github.com/mattseh)
- [@MichaelMure](//github.com/MichaelMure) (Michael Muré)
- [@micxjo](//github.com/micxjo) (Micxjo Funkcio)
- [@mildred](//github.com/mildred) (Mildred Ki'Lya)
- [@moritz121](//github.com/moritz121)
- [@NeoTeo](//github.com/NeoTeo) (Teo Sartori)
- [@Neurone](//github.com/Neurone) (Giuseppe Bertone)
- [@nginnever](//github.com/nginnever) (Nathan Ginnever)
- [@noffle](//github.com/noffle) (Stephen Whitmore)
- [@peteygao](//github.com/peteygao) (Peter Gao)
- [@randomshinichi](//github.com/randomshinichi)
- [@RichardLitt](//github.com/RichardLitt) (Richard Littauer)
- [@richardschneider](//github.com/richardschneider) (Richard Schneider)
- [@sivachandran](//github.com/sivachandran) (Sivachandran)
- [@suisha](//github.com/suisha) (David Mai)
- [@thelinuxkid](//github.com/thelinuxkid) (Andres Buritica)
- [@tinybike](//github.com/tinybike) (Jack Peterson)
- [@whyrusleeping](//github.com/whyrusleeping) (Jeromy Johnson)
- [@xicombd](//github.com/xicombd) (Francisco Baio Dias)
- [@yangwao](//github.com/yangwao) (Matej Nemček)
- [@yncyrydybyl](//github.com/yncyrydybyl) (Yan Minagawa)
- [@zignig](//github.com/zignig) (Simon Kirkby)
- [@Zogg](//github.com/Zogg)

This newsletter is also a community effort. If you have cool things to share for the next weekly, drop a comment about it in [the weekly repo](//github.com/ipfs/weekly! The more people mention items they want to see in the weekly there, the easier it is to make this and send it out.

Thanks, and see you next week!

- Richard Littauer and Andrew Chin

_Submit feedback about this issue [here](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/24), or send us [feedback about the IPFS Weekly in general](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/8)._