# IPFS Weekly #10

[IPFS](//ipfs.io/) is a new hypermedia distribution protocol, addressed by content and identities, aiming to make the web faster, safer, and more open. In these posts, we highlight some of the development that has happened in the past week. For anyone looking to get involved, follow the embedded hyperlinks, search the wealth of information on [GitHub](//github.com/ipfs) or join us on [IRC](//webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ipfs) (#ipfs on the Freenode network).

If you would like to get this update as an email, sign up for our [weekly newsletter](//tinyletter.com/ipfsweekly)!

Here are some of the highlights for the [April 6 - April 18](//github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/101) sprint:

## Updates

### [go-ipfs](//github.com/ifps/go-ipfs)

This week in go-ipfs, we shipped version 0.4.0! :clap: It's available via https://ipfs.io/docs/install/ , and on homebrew via `brew install ipfs`.

### [gx](//github.com/whyrusleeping/gx) / gx-go(//github.com/whyrusleeping/gx-go)

gx is a package manager that uses ipfs as a store. gx-go is a package manager for go!

### [ipfs-firefox-addon](//github.com/lidel/ipfs-firefox-addon)

The Firefox addon that provides transparent access to IPFS resources via local HTTP2IPFS gateway has been fully reviewed by Mozilla and updated to [v1.5.8](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ipfs-gateway-redirect/versions/1.5.8). Since Weekly No.8, its mostly been bugfixes. On average it has [over 400 daily users](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ipfs-gateway-redirect/statistics/?last=365).

Feature requests and bug reports [are welcome](//github.com/lidel/ipfs-firefox-addon/issues)!

## Community

## Press

## Contributors

Across the entire IPFS GitHub organization, the following people have committed code, created issues, or made a comment on GitHub between March 14th (noon, GMT) and March 21st. We're autogenerating this list using [this tool](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/blob/master/tools/get_commits.py) and [this other tool](//github.com/richardlitt/name-your-contributors), so please let us know if your name isn't here.

This newsletter is also a community effort. If you have cool things to share for the next weekly, drop a comment about it in the [next weekly sprint issue](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/)! The more people mention items they want to see in the weekly there, the easier it is to make this and send it out.

Thanks, and see you next week!

- Richard Littauer

_Submit feedback about this issue [here](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/35), or send us [feedback about the IPFS Weekly in general](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/issues/7)._
