# IPFS Newsletter #__Issue__

[IPFS](//ipfs.io/) is a new hypermedia distribution protocol, addressed by content and identities, aiming to make the web faster, safer, and more open. In these posts, we highlight some of the development that has happened since the last newsletter. For anyone looking to get involved, follow the embedded hyperlinks, search the wealth of information on [GitHub](//github.com/ipfs) or join us on [IRC](//webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ipfs) (#ipfs on the Freenode network).

If you would like to get this update as an email, sign up for our [newsletter](//tinyletter.com/ipfsweekly)!

Here are some of the highlights for the [__Date__](//github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/__) sprint:

## Updates

### [**go-ipfs**](//github.com/)

We updated `go-ipfs` to 0.4.3-rc3 on August 8th. As we state in the [changelog](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md), this release candidate fixes a panic that occurs when input from stdin was expected, but none was given. Check out [this issue](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/3050) for details.

Moving to go1.7 is in the works, as it will give us performance improvements, `context` has been added into stdlib, and `net.Diallib` will allow our calls to vastly improve resource consumption and downtime. [Track that here](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/3093).

We're working on getting code coverage for all of the packages included in go-ipfs. To follow along or comment, [go here](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/3053). We also plan on using coveralls to have solid tests for subprojects; follow that [here](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/3112).

On a related note, @whyrusleeping also udpated `gx deps --tree`, and it's related options, which means that the [gx](https://github.com/whyrusleeping/gx/) package manager we use in IPFS is now easier to use.

If you're interested in getting involved with developing go-ipfs, we've been adding a lot more 'Help Wanted' labels to issues that we think could use some work. Look at [these issues](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) and dive in. If you have questions, just jump on [the IRC channel](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=%23ipfs), or comment on the issues themselves.

## Community


## Press


## Contributors

Across the entire IPFS GitHub organization, the following people have committed code, created issues, or made a comment on GitHub between __Date__ (noon, GMT) and __Date__. We're autogenerating this list using [this tool](//github.com/ipfs/weekly/blob/master/tools/get_commits.py) and [this other tool](//github.com/richardlitt/name-your-contributors), so please let us know if your name isn't here.

- __Contributors__

This newsletter is also a community effort. If you have cool things to share for the next newsletter, drop a comment about it in the [next sprint issue](__TODO__)! The more people mention items they want to see in the newsletter there, the easier it is to make this and send it out.

Thanks, and see you next time!

- Richard Littauer and Andrew Chin

_Submit feedback about this issue [here](__TODO__), or send us [feedback about the IPFS Newsletter in general](//github.com/ipfs/newsletter/issues/7)._
